and then the topic will be in this
chaos will be
the hertz noises and that of the
places and the mitral valve again short
to recapitulate the rest regularly
you barren herztöne namely the first
to do the second heart
why do they ultimately form something ?
we actually hear the first sound
is not a muscle tense stone
Just to do it !
is often assumed to be in
some textbooks in there but that how
said tension stone of the muscles
as a result of the termination of atrio
ventricular fold when
finally the flaps between the
forecourts and the wind rikels close
and the muscle tension that too
it is necessary that you hear the second
In the end , it's the way to do it
The vibration of the blood should be immediate
after ejection hears from the ventricle
So in the blood during the systems
is driven out and shortly thereafter the
Vibration in combination with the conclusion
the ventricle works so the species
flap under pulmonary flap this
Vibration of the blood is supposed to be the second
heart will be very happy in exams
also from the pp or in the klausuren and
An oral exam how to fold
Sounds at certain deficits
the heart valves can be heard we queried
begin with the aortic stenosis
but what is your characteristic way
we have a short gray spindle
shaped systolic so during the
sus thole we hear the sound is too
finally understandable if the
aortic valve is stimulated and it must
more pressure is spent around that
blood then through the stylized flap
to evaluate
This then creates a historical
noise because it is a
here in the st is ole the boat
The whole thing is best thrown out
She knows her bar in the second intercostal
room right paranal times to repeat
a spindle-shaped new system for what
Usually in both carrots ford
is guided and partly you can
a kind in the variable cleavage of the
second heart tons still higher come
continue to locate insufficiency so if
no longer close the flap adequately
can
Here it is now that we are immediate
following the second heart death so
shortly after this operation the blood
pillar we have a decrescendo-like
diastolic that is a sound of in
its pitch decreases
The whole thing is logical again
explainable because ultimately we ourselves
already in the diastole and
during the diastole next to the fulfillment
phase finally blood again
was previously called back in runs
the ventricle is the historical phase
The blood will be used from normal
Should the places be shut up
she just does not quite come to herself
does not close adequately so can during
the diastolic filling phase again
blood back through the aortic valve
pour into the left when triegel and
we will hear that as a decrescendo
typically have diastolic
we also carrot pulsations that
paid as corrigan sign and one
later the historical rumble over the
heart top also that one can perceive
is called out of the flint noise
denotes further characteristic
for the types of insufficiency also the
so-called water hama puls so the
Pulse skeleton altus itself through a
very large bleeding amplitude over 100 mm
ag we excel so then have a
very high systolic blood pressure
but a very small diastolic
worth 160 to 35, for example, we come
to the mitral valve stenosis at the
mitral valve must stand so that we
hear a late diastole kumm and that
after mitral valve opening stone so
we hear a neutral opening stone
then comes a decrescendo orange and
then finally a prehistoric one
crescendo until the first one doctors
speaks also of the thrilling first heart
do
So that's very typical of the metal
stenosis late systolic diastolic
sound after the metal opening and opening
prehistoric crescendo that is so
leading a parked first heart leads
one speaks also of diastolic
graham style noise related
the nitrate stenose then concludes
still dimitri inspicient here it is like that
that we are just a band shaped again
historique will also listen in part
as machine-like noise
We have no increase here
a waste is relatively long
the noise between the
first and between the second heart do
draws this wall-shaped
systolic noise also makes up ever
again sense during the historical
phase during the
tender phase the mitral valve
does not close so efficiently and while
the ventricle live controlled and in
the history, the blood on the
aortic valve ejects also flows proportion
blood back into the left atrium ins
left atrium through the just not
adequately not so efficiently closed
Mitral valve that's actually right
comprehensible why it then just one
historical noise is good with it
we are for the places and mitral valve
by and attention and bye